# Laundry-Management-System
Customer satisfaction is all about providing good and fast service and at the same time keeping it simple.
Hotel management system is no different.
Keeping information about all hotels and the keeping it relevant to the need of the customer required a very efficient management of database.
All the information has to be categorised perfectly and make sense to the user.
For this, there need to a web of customer ,administrator and the hotels. Each hotel has a unique id ,name and address. The hotel has several rooms with each room having a unique id,the hotel id ,name and the type of the room.The hotel can own a hall with a unique id ,the hotel rent,type,the hotel id of the hotel. It belongs to and the type of the hotel.The administrator is the supervisor of the reservation being made, he has a unique id, name and a phone number. A customer who needs to make a reservation has a unique id name mobile numberand address. Once reservation is made it has a unique ID the start date and in date of the reservation there is the price of the hall in the room of the hotel updated on daily basis. The today price as a hotel ID, price and the date of the price being tact. That in a straighter confirmed the reservation by checking on the rooms of the hotel but it doesn't get confirm until the payment is done. Once the payment is then the invoices generated by the invoice ID, status and the description. After the completion of the payment the bill is generated with the bill ID, name and the amount. Generation of the bill confirm the reservation.

